Your Majesty, the four princes tonight,
Went to Jiang Jun's Mansion and wanted to invite Wu Ming.
He was forced to go to the toilet when he asked for it, and all the people who were married to the prince were sent out.
Nowadays, there are often many people in sight,
Shuihongle is finally good, but the threat has become greater.
No one knows what Yiyi was touched out,
I'm still the king alone, don't worry about it for now,
Let Wu Ming find out what clues the princes have.
The princess will be dressed in one of the hands,
Not sure yet, keep looking,
Yes, Your Majesty,
Nameless Taoism,
That Wuming really thinks that my palace is too much for him to look at,
Let him in, I want to see what he wants to do,
Why does he also see His Majesty?
Jade Study Room didn’t make a fuss
I also came to the bustling town to invite you to the palace.
Your Majesty is joking
I came here today to discuss cooperation with you
What cooperation, Your Majesty?
This material has never been kindly responded to
I was rude to His Majesty four times
It’s okay to have two beds and a study room
He didn’t dare to touch the Jade Study Room
He would not even dare to ask for a palace
Are you going down first?
The town wants to hear it
How do you want to cooperate with the town?
I can help you kill four princes